Update README (#1)
matthewmcgarvey/alfred-github-workflow: README.md

- The refresh action isn't triggered if you mistype a repo name and press enter
- Repos are loaded asynchronously and much faster

## Installation

> [Download the release](https://github.com/matthewmcgarvey/alfred-github-workflow/releases/latest/download/Github.alfredworkflow) section and download the `Github.alfredworkflow` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find the latest workflow file over in the releases tab or [click here to download it directly](https://github.com/matthewmcgarvey/alfred-github-workflow/releases/latest/download/Github.alfredworkflow).
```
